[Music]
hello
how are you doing i just thought i would
bring you along today as
we are officially quarantine free we're
just about to head into the gym and i'm
really excited
of course i'm going to train legs
i'm training back and delts
right okay i received my doubt it's back
in the gym
yeah i'm really excited i want to go on
holiday again
maybe we will should book something soon
yeah definitely
so yeah we'll go into the gym before we
do anything darkness here
yeah the lighting's a bit funky here if
you could hit the video
with a like i would really appreciate it
be supports my channel
and yeah
[Music]
so i've got my pre-workout which is the
watermelon flavor
[Music]
a bit more uniatal work into my
leg days just because i feel like we all
have more of a dominant side
so that is the plan for today
so this is completely empty it's like a
playground honestly
there's so much cool bits and bobs in
here so
um it's quite busy on the main floor gym
so i'm just going to
start with a hip obviously warming up
first hand
[Music]
[Laughter]
uh
[Music]
[Laughter]
daddy
[Music]
so just finished
so just ordered some lunch we've got
smashed avocado some scrambled egg
pomegranate seeds and salmon
mason's got the same over there as well
so i know that moment is coming just had
a quick change
and i'm just popping out sorry if the
lighting's really bad in here i'm just
in the car and it's like
partially sunny um but i'm just getting
my nails done
like this is not okay um
we've got one nail on this hand four on
this one that they are in desperate
need right now and after i've got nails
done i'm going for
a laser consultation i'm thinking of
getting my armpits lasered and maybe my
upper lip i can't really have ever
thought of that before like
you can literally laser your full body
which i only found about
found found out about quite recently
i've just been
for my patch test um
at laser hq is in
worry i think in manchester i will leave
like the
stuff in the description box and i
booked in for
oh my god what happened to my neck then
i've booked him for next week
and i'm going to start with like my
underarms it takes i think
she mentioned like about eight sessions
but i guess it's different like from
the individual but i'm really excited
i honestly don't know why i haven't
considered this or it's never really
crossed my mind
but just gonna save so much time from
shaving
um especially with like going into the
gym all the time so i'm really excited
about this
i don't know if i'm gonna get my upper
lip done um i think i might just start
with the under underarms first
the nails i'll show you when i'm out of
the car anyway i've gone
a lot darker with my hair and i'm so
glad
my hairdresser like she kind of took the
made the plunge like she was like oh
we'll go a little bit darker
and but it hasn't gone darker than i
expected if that makes sense
and i'm so glad because if she hadn't
have done that i probably wouldn't
have decided on going back dark but i
watched some of my older videos back and
it's crazy isn't it like you don't
really see
yourself sometimes for what you look
like until you look back like
i had like bleach just like all blonde
hair from here and then like dark roots
and i couldn't really see it if that
makes any sense or i hope you know what
i mean
um but it's funny isn't it it's like
when you look back at like
older pictures from when you're really
young and you thought something looks
like the bomb
when actually it just probably might
have looked an absolute mess and you can
only see it from like
a later perspective um maybe that is
just me
i don't know but that's just like my
flying thought
so yeah had the best workout and
feeling good today i'm just so happy to
be like out of
quarantine
so we just uh crumbled up a little
co-working space
in manchester
[Music]
oh god i am so tired so we did
like a yoga class after we did a bit of
work because it's kind of in the same
building
and it was a yin yang yoga i've never
done one of those before
i don't know how fast about it to be
honest um it was 75 minutes
uh and it was completely different to
like anything that i've tried but
yeah it was nice i kind of fell asleep
too honest like halfway through so it
was just
really relaxing and yeah completely
different to any yoga that i've done
before like it wasn't too much like
stretch and stuff so yeah it was just
nice to try i guess
but i think i'd stick to like maybe a
different yoga flow
if i was to go back to bed and stuff
just giving penal pete her dinner
um she's absolutely loving her raw food
diet like
that is the best thing this is not a
good angle is it
that is the best thing um i ever did
like changing
her food it's helped so much with all
her skin
she still is wearing the buster collar
you know that pink thing she's got
on a night time um because we're still
like
going through the process like the
elimination diet so yeah that's pretty
much everything but
yeah i hope you've enjoyed this little
vid um just like a chilled
well not chilled chilled productive kind
of
day with me um i've got quite a lot of
work done today
and so that's good
uh but yeah if you haven't already i
would love you to stick around
by subscribing to my channel joining the
fam
and making sure you've liked this video
and i'll see you guys in
the next one